Good morning, everyone. I want to invite you to be seated. Ashley, it looks like you're starting children's church this morning. All right. Matthew chapter one, and we're going to begin reading in verse 18. Now, the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise. When as his mother Mary was a spouse to Joseph before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost. Then Joseph, her husband, being a just man and not willing to make her a public example, was minded to put her away privily. But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream saying, Now, all this was done that it might be fulfilled, which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet saying, Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had bidden him and took unto him his wife, and knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son, and he called his name Jesus. Why Jesus? Because his name means the Lord is salvation or the Lord saves. For that is the reason for his coming. It is the reason for his birth. It is the reason for our celebration. The Bible tells us in Galatians four, when the fullness of time was come, God sent forth his son made of a woman made under the law to redeem them that were under the law, under the condemnation of it, that we might be redeemed and set free and forgiven. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. Let's pray once more, Lord. Thank you for this opportunity to look into your word today. Pray, Lord, that you would direct my words, our service, and may you be glorified. May you be exalted in our midst today. May you draw souls to the Savior. Lord, thank you for this opportunity and the privilege that we have been given. May you truly be honored this morning, and may you do a mighty work, we pray, in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. I'd like to speak for a few minutes this morning on it's our turn to give. Sticking with last week's message in the banquet, I wanted to go into a little more depth on the subject of giving. Gift giving is a thing at Christmas that most people do, Christian or not, but for the believer it should have a much deeper meaning than for the world. For God so loved the world he did something. What did he do? He gave. He gave. He gave us his son. Now it is our turn to give. When I was a child, when we were children, our parents gave, in most cases, much for us. They gave their lives, their time, their resources, their love in very unselfish ways. When birthdays came, they gave. When Christmas came, they gave. When we needed clothes and food and shelter, they gave and gave again. Many of them worked tedious hours and strenuous jobs day after day to provide for us. My dad worked for 30 years as a wireman for General Electric in Roanoke. It paid okay, and it provided for his family, for his two boys to go attend Christian school. And eventually Christian College. He didn't work as a wireman because it was his lifelong dream to wire things together for the rest of his life. He did it because his family needed it. And he did it diligently. And he did it faithfully. And he provided for us not just in the means of money and physical things, but also in spiritual and other ways that a father should. And as parents often do. Yet, when adult children these days are asked to give back to their parents, they quite often react the same way as we do to God. Rather than with gratitude and love, and blessing in return, we heap upon them heartaches and a cold shoulder. That is, sadly, testament of a culture that has turned its back on God. Some who treat their parents that way and many who treat their God that way. In relation to both our families and our God, it is our turn. To give. To receive so much and give nothing or little in return is unthinkable. And God has already given us so much more than we could explain in words. But let's try. Let's look at just a few things that God has given us this morning. Let's start. With this one. God gave you life. Apart. From the power, wisdom. And love. And will of God. I would not exist. Nor would you. And you know something? I'm glad I exist. I am grateful for the one. Who gave me life. He gave us life. He made us. Job thirty three four and Genesis two seven say the spirit of God hath made me the breath of the Almighty hath given me life. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground and he breathed into his nostrils the breath of life and man became a living soul. Scientists to this day cannot explain where life came from. Well, they don't have to. God's told us we're life. Came from. We know where life come from. I don't have to go to a scientist to find out where life came from. You know, I mean, science is good for some things. It is. It really it's necessary. Boy, we enjoy so much. But one thing I don't have to go to scientists to find out is where life came from. God gave me life. I am here because of him. I enjoy all of the pleasures of life. Because of him. Without him. No life. Praise the Lord. He gives us. He gives good things. To all of his creatures. Good things. Matthew five forty four and forty five. But I say to you love your enemies. Bless them that curse you. Do good to them that hate you. Pray for them which despisefully use you and persecute you that you may be the children of your father which is in heaven for you. For he maketh his son to rise on the evil and on the good and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. Anything we enjoy in this life. It came from where. From whom. From God. The air we breathe. The things that these decorations are made from. The sky we look outside enjoy the stars in the night sky. The birds. Water we drink. The food we eat. All those good things. They all come from the one who made them all. They come from God. James one seventeen as says every good gift and every perfect gift is from above and cometh down from the father of lights with whom is no variableness neither shadow of turning. All good things come from him. We're all sure there are bad things in the world. How did that happen. Satan and sin that's how that happened. No Satan no sin no bad things. The good things come from God. The bad things are a result of sin. And Satan. I thank God for all the good things. From the air I breathe. To the family I enjoy. They all come from him. God gave us his son. As we mentioned earlier for God so loved the world he gave. His only begotten son. He gave him. To us. For us. That we might be redeemed. And saved and know him. Christ gave himself. For us. He came willingly. He came with a purpose. To die on the cross for the sins. Of a world. That had turned their back on him. That he might redeem them and bring them back. He wants everyone to be saved. But part of being created in the image of God means God created us with a will. He did not want robots. He wanted people. Made in his image who had a choice. To love him. Or to run from him. And when we ran from him. He didn't just throw up his hands and say okay well they chose wrong that's it. No. He already had a plan from the foundation of the world. To give his son. To give himself. A sacrifice. That he might bring us back. And all who put their faith in him. Shall be saved. If there's nothing else in scripture you can understand. Understand this. God gave his only begotten son. That baby in a manger is not a decoration. He did not stay a baby. He came. He grew up. He ministered. He died. And he rose again and is seated at the right hand of the father. Where he ever lives to make Intercession for us. Because as he is God he is also man. He is the one mediator between God and man. The man Christ Jesus. You do not have to go to a priest. You do not have to go through Mary. There is only one. Jesus Christ the risen Savior. And he gave himself. For us. God is a giving and loving God who gave us his most precious treasure his time. To be a sacrifice for us to die for us to take upon himself our punishment. To pay our debt. So that we through faith in him could receive God's greatest gift of all. Salvation. And eternal life. What does the Bible say but God commendeth his love toward us. What's that word commendeth mean it means he showed expressed his love. Has there any been any time that somebody said I love you and you thought. I don't know. Because words need to be followed by what. Actions. Love is not just something you say it's something you do. Something God did. He doesn't just say I love you. He showed expressed that love he demonstrated and in sending his son. He demonstrated his love toward us and that while we were yet what. Sinners Christ died for us God didn't wait for us to. To have an epiphany and turn around and come back to him. Sadly he knew that was never going to happen unless he intervened. And so he sent his son to earth he became one of us. He took that all important step of coming to us when we could not come to him. For the wages of sin is death but the what the. Gift of God is what eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord you can have eternal life. You can know the joy and freedom and hope. That there is a knowing this world is not all there is that this life that I live now it's it's not going to end. I'm going to change addresses I'm going to get a new body one day and that's a good thing. Several ways that's a good thing. But. But I have eternal life. I serve a risen Savior. He's up in heaven right now he went there to prepare a place for me and for you and for all who come to him in faith. That is God's gift. You can't earn it. You can't cleanse yourself. You have to come to Christ. In part and you don't get eternal life when you die. You got eternal life when you were born again by faith in Jesus Christ. The life that was taken from you from us before we were even born back in the Garden of Eden is restored. In Jesus Christ our Savior the relationship that we were robbed of is restored in Jesus Christ. A gift. For by grace are you saved through faith and that not of yourselves it's the what the gift of God not of works lest any man should boast. Gift. God gives us a record. That we might know these things. Here's the record. Here it is. Hold it in my hands. Now been translated into hundreds. Of different languages spread all around the world. You can hold it in a book in your hands. You can read it on your phone anywhere. Download one of dozen different apps on Android or or what's that other Apple. Yeah. But I have an iPhone so but not anti Apple but anyway. But God has given us a record. Preserved it for us. Put it in our own hands. In our own language. We can read it for ourselves. You don't have to trust in me. You can trust in the Lord and in his word. You can read it for yourself. You can see if what you're being taught is right or wrong. You don't have to wander around in darkness. God has declared his will to us right here in his word. And he's given us his spirit. I'm getting ahead of myself. To help us in understanding ourselves. John 20 John 20 31 but these are written that you might believe that Jesus is the Christ the son of God and that believing you might have life through his name. What is John talking about? This right here. We have it. Thanks to God. It's miraculous. Yes it is. It is his word. And he has given to us his spirit. John four thirteen first John four thirteen here by we know that we dwell in him and he and us because he has given us his what? He has given us his spirit. He is the earnest the Bible says of our salvation. He is the first part of that great inheritance that is ours in Christ Jesus. He assures us that there is more to come in heaven. He has sealed us until the day of redemption. And many other things that we are blessed as the church to know and have through his spirit. He has given us all things that we need. Second Peter one three according as his divine power given to us all things that pertain into life and godliness through the knowledge of him that has called us to glory and virtue. What you need to make it through this life. No yes you do need physical food. Yes you do need some water to drink. Yes. But once you need as a person to live and grow and learn and and make your way through this life into eternity it has all been provided for us in his word and his spirit and by his son. You do not need to look other places. If you have Jesus if you have his word if you have his spirit. You do not need to look to him. Be fulfilled in him be led by him. Matthew six thirty three says but seek you first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things shall be added to you will you will lack nothing that you need if you will just follow who. If you'll just follow Jesus he'll see to that. He'll follow Jesus of educational nature things of physical nature follow Christ. He might you know want you to go to school. You know he might want you to go do this job or that job or learn this thing and that thing but just follow Christ. He'll help you. And we can't go wrong trust in the Lord with all your heart lean not into your own understanding and all your ways acknowledge him and he shall direct your paths. That's where it starts trust in him. He won't let you down. We let ourselves down. We could spend the rest of the service recounting all the Lord has given and done for us which we are quite of which we are quite undeserving. But let's consider this is there anything. We can give in return. Yes. Yes there is. There is nothing you have whereby to earn your salvation. But as a child of God there is much you have that you can give in his service that you can give out of love and gratitude to bring glory and pleasure to the one who created you. And yes we were created in his image we feel pleasure and so can he. We are told in Revelation we were created for his what pleasure. You have much you can give him. You have much to give that metaphorically will put a smile on his face. Romans 12 one says Paul writes I beseech you therefore brethren by the mercies of God that you present your bodies a living sacrifice wholly acceptable unto God which is your reasonable service. What is Paul saying. Paul says you have something to give you have something to give you can present your bodies what a living sacrifice. Now there are martyrs in this world and there are people that have been called to that. Most of us aren't called to give our bodies a dying sacrifice but all of us are called to give it a what a living sacrifice. It is our what our reasonable service. Well why is it reasonable to give your life and your your days your energy your time your body in service to God. Why is that. Why isn't that reasonable. Why is that reasonable. Who gave us this body who gave us life who gives us time who gives us air to breathe who who gave his son that we might might know him and have forgiveness and eternal life who's given us his word and his spirit in all things that we need for his service. Why is that reasonable for us to give in return. Is it not reasonable for children out of love and gratitude to give to their parents. Is it not even more reasonable for us. To give. Back to our God. Isn't it time that we started looking as our relationship with God is our opportunity to give rather than our opportunity to take. We so often treat God like a genie or Santa Claus. He is neither. He is God. He is our heavenly father. He is a person. He has a will. He saved you for that purpose and according to that will. It is our turn to give. I mentioned earlier that word in English present your bodies. Interestingly enough. Is also be pronounced present. Which can mean your present is in your here or it can mean present is under that thing that you put under the what the tree on Christmas a present. Present. To present our bodies to the Lord present as the present to the Lord no strings attached. Out of the goodness and gratitude. Of our hearts. God deserves. A present. He deserves you. He deserves me. I don't know why he wants me. I wouldn't want. He gave his son for me. He's redeemed me. And it's my turn. It's our turn. To give to him. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. It's our turn. You can give of your love and your devotion to him. Who are you going to serve? Are you going to serve the gods that your father served in Egypt on the other side of the flood who did nothing for you but cause you heartache and toil and pain? Are you going to give your heart and your will to the gods, the Amorites, the Canaanites and whose land you are going to dwell who have done nothing for you and can do nothing for you? Or will you give your life, your heart and your your heart, your will in service to the one who did all these things for you? Now, that's an obvious choice, isn't it? He says, for me and my house, we will serve who? The Lord. Serve the Lord. Doing his will and not just ours. God doesn't say he wants you to give up all of your will. Your will just has to be put needs to be put under under his will needs to be directed by his will. And his purpose. That's the way it should be. There was a counselor at the camp that we used to take the teens to, and as a youth pastor, he taught us a little about counseling young people. He made a little chart. It looked like a Y. And it represented this, the saying that was always on it. Choices on the shelf. Pleasing God. Or pleasing self. Which will you choose? When you get to the point of the. You have to choose which. Which way you're going to choose. Oftentimes pleasing self and pleasing God aren't. The same direction. So when you come to those choices in life. Which will you choose? We should choose to give our will. And our heart to him. Well, why? Well, because he gave his son in his life for us. But also because he never makes mistakes. You'll never go wrong. By choosing to place your will under his. Our mind and our body. Now we can give that to him. This body. This mind. I can give that to him. I know it's not much to give, but. But I can give it. He desires it. He deserves it. Our body became something of value when the Holy Spirit came to live inside of it. You are of great value to him. And you have great potential for him. However many days you have left. Would you give your mind, your body, and service to him? Or will we keep it selfishly only for our own pleasure and purpose? How sad that would be. What does Paul say in Romans 12, 1, 2? We read it again. Let's read it again. I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies. A living sacrifice. Holy acceptance of God, which is your reasonable service. And be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. That you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. If you give your mind and your heart. Your body in his service. You will only prove. As you see him lead in God. That his way is what? His way is perfect. His way is good. When we refuse, we see our way isn't always so good. Bible says there's a way that seems right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death. God's not going to make those mistakes that we would make. Do you keep it pure? Are you careful what it takes in and dwells upon? Do you keep control of your body, your tongue included? Do you take care of it and use it in his service? 1 Corinthians 9, 27, Paul says, but I keep under my body and bring it into subjection, lest by any means when I preach to others, I myself should be a castaway. Paul says, I don't want to waste. I don't want my life to be a waste. I want it to count for something. I want it to count for him. It's my turn to what? It's my turn to give. He gave and gives and will give again. The question is, am I going to. Give. Of myself to him. Our time, the Bible says Ephesians 516 redeeming the time because the days are evil. Will you give your time to worship and pray? Will you give your time to get to know him and his word to meditate upon it day at night to serve God to serve his people? Time is precious. But it's not just your time. It's his time. One day. We stand at the judgment seat of Christ. What will you have to show? With the time. That you were given. Did you. Use your time. The things that were. Just passing away. Did you use it for more eternal valuable things? No, I'm not just talking about coming to church or. Maybe. Some of that time needs to be spent and. Earning some money doing something you don't want to do to take care of those that God gave you. And which made you responsible for. That's valuable use of your time. And your money. Maybe. It's fixing somebody's car or pulling somebody's weeds. Maybe it's fixing their plumbing or. Maybe it's just sending them a card. Maybe it's being there with for your wife and your husband. Just being what you can be. Giving of your love to the one God gave you. All of that is part of. All of that's part of things that are of eternal value. When you invest yourself in your Lord and you love your neighbor as one. Yourself. Because this all this stuff, this iPad, this iPhone, they're they're passing away. But. My kids. They're going to live forever. And my spouse. He's going to live forever. In your eternal souls. Let's use our time wisely. The things that make a difference in people's lives. And that may be as simple as. Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. We owe him that. For the praise of our lips by him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually that is the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name. You did not waste your time this morning by coming to church to sing praises to the one who has given you life. No. You have had the privilege and joy. Of returning us to little. Of all that he has given for us. It is worth your time. And it is sad that so many others even those who profess the name of Christ have given up. On giving of that time for the Lord. They are missing out. And they are messing up. What is it that we are celebrating this week. We are celebrating God's gift. And we are celebrating God's gift this week. In two ways number one. How do you celebrate a gift first of all. You. Accept it. You accept it. Why did God give of his son so you would accept him. Why did God offer you eternal life so you would accept it. And forgiveness it brings him great joy when you accept it. When we give gifts to our kids when we watch him open them and we see the smile on their face. Does it bring you joy. It does. Does it not bring him joy. It does. That's the reason he sent his son. Accept his gift before it is eternally too late. Accept his gift. Accept his forgiveness. Accept his love. Accept the sacrifice of his son. Accept eternal life in Jesus Christ. Quit lying to yourself. Quit making excuses for not accepting the greatest gift that's ever been given and accept him as your Lord and Savior. Number two. If you have accepted. Then give of yourself and his service. Give of yourself in your love and out of your heart and with your time and talent and your lips. Find opportunities this week and next week and this coming year. To not just be. The requester of things. But to be the giver. Of things as well. Let's pray. Dearly father we thank you Lord. For the gift of your son we thank you Lord we can celebrate that today and every day. We pray Lord if there's one. Under the sound of my voice today that has not accepted Christ we pray that they would see that they're a sinner who needs a Savior and God provided the remedy the forgiveness the way out. The way of salvation in Jesus Christ his son who gave his life for them and died and rose again. And who offers. Salvation forgiveness and eternal life if they will receive him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved Lord I pray if there's one listening today. That is yet. To say. Lord I'm a sinner. I know you died for me. I need you. Please save me. And forgive my sins today and be my Lord. I pray that they would do that even now even today. And come to know the gift. And the giver of eternal life. When I pray for us who know you that we would not. That we would be challenged today and every day. To see. That it is our turn. And rather than spending every day. Asking what God can do for us. Asking what we can do for him. And I hope that will change our life. Change our perspective. In the days to come. As we meditate upon. The opportunity that we have been given. In Jesus name we do pray. Amen.